# CS-305

**Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?**
Artemis Financial is a financial consulting company that handles creating financial interactions. They deal with savings, checkings, investment, retirement, and insurance accounts, creating unique financial plans for their customers. The issue that they wanted our company, Global Rain, to address was focused on secure communication between themselves and their clients. They were looking to modernize their company software, and a major part of this was updating their security practices to apply the most modern and secure software security.

**What did you do particularly well in identifying their software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?**
One thing that I did well would be listing out the catergories within in the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram that apply to the software. For example, one of the concerns was 'Input Validation'. We needed to make certain that users could only access their own information when attempting to use the system. Any issues with this could cause massive leaks in information for the business' clients. This, along with the other areas, need to be coded securely if we want to prevent information leaks/theft(s). Software security helps with maintaining a business' reliability and intergrity amongst competitors. Not only that, it also protects users that employ the company's services creating a scenario where more customers may feel more comfortable seeking those services.

**What about the process of working through the vulnerability assessment did you find challenging or helpful?
How did you approach the need to increase layers of security? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to assess vulnerabilities and determine mitigation techniques?**
The main issues that I had were with implementing the proper counters for the listed vulnerabilities. The Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram was incredibly useful when assessing the software that was presented, and listing what security concerns the software had. The main approach I took was first listing out the areas of vulnerability for the application, as well as the requested modernization issues presented by the company, and then finding the proper solutions to the problems that were presented. Research is something that I would like to use, and get better at, when it comes to future assessments. I think there is a wealth of information on various well known, and even some niche, security concerns that could be used to my benefit and the benefit of the company that I'm working for.

**How did you ensure the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
What resources, tools, or coding practices did you employ that you might find helpful in future assignments or tasks?
Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to demonstrate your skills, knowledge, and experience. What from this particular assignment might you want to showcase to a future employer?**
I was unable to get the software applicaton to a functional state, unfortunately. Had I been able to refactor the code properly, I would have ran another dependency check and reviewd the newly added lines of code while checking for any possible issues listed within the Vulnerability Assessment Process Flow Diagram. I made use of the debug view within Eclipse in order to find out different issues with the added code. I want to make better use of this in the future, but will need to brush up on my skills in Java to better apply the techniques necessary to create a properly functional application. If I'm being honest, there's nothing from this assignment that I would like to showcase. I've learned that there is much that I need to do before I can be confident with the work I created during this Project. Until then, I would perhaps put forward my Vulnerability Assessment report.
